    Utilities App - project.py
    #### Video Demo:  https://youtu.be/eTMPmZFjopk
    #### Description: This is a command line argument that requires user to write the name of app that he wants to use. If the user inputs an invalid name or more than one name, an error message is retrieved. After the correct input of a existent name of an app, the user is conducted to the flow of the app that he selected and prompted for some inputs.
    This program consists in three independent apps.
    The first one is to validate a portuguese number, when inserted with or without extension (for example +351) and retrieves the feedback message. It also validates the extension of the number inserted and data type. The number of digits is also checked because a portuguese number should have 9 digits after the extension. All the portuguese personal numbers start with a 9 and then can be a 1,2,3 or 6 and this is also validate. For this, we use the concepts of regular expressions. Here, we use the validate_number function taht retrieves a true or false.
    The second one is a simple calculator with a few operations (add, subtract, divide, multiply, square), where the user is prompted for two or one numbers and the operation and receive the result. User has also the option to quit the operation loop. Here, there are some checks about the data type introduced and, in case of a division, if the second number is not a 0, which raises an error.
    There was a necessity of create some other functions of operations inside the function calculator used in this case.
    Finally, there is a trivia game that connects to trivia API and retrieves a question and possible answers and prompts the user for the right answer. If answer is not in the choices, the question is prompted again, if it is in the choices, a function will validate if threre is correct and retrieves the feedback about that.
